The Bliss Business Podcast,
the show about empathy, connection,
and consciousness in business.
Today's episode is brought
to you by Xero Company, your paid search,
social media,
and programmatic ad experts.
Welcome back to the show.
I'm Steven Sikash, joined by my co-host,
Mike Liske, and our special guest today.
Before we start, a little bit of news.
This morning,
our AI Chief Marketing
Officer Platform at
AICMO.io won gold medal
from the Merit Awards for Marketing,
Communications, Technology,
and Innovation.
And I heard a few minutes ago,
we're also featured in
Performance Marketing
World's Top Tools of this week.
So fun way to kick off the day.
If you are a small business
or run a small marketing team,
check it out at AICMO.io.
We're really willing to help
you market with purpose.
And that gets us to the show today.
We're speaking with a leader
who proves that even the
most unexpected industries
can create real impact,
not just for their customers,
but for their communities and teams.
And we have a lot of
franchises that have been
around for many years,
and we wanted to dive in
with some that are in the
early stages of the journey.
And that's the case today.
So Mike, introduce our guest today.
I'd absolutely love to, Stephen.
Looking forward to the conversation.
So today our special guest
is Julie Harrell,
the president of Cooper Scoopers.
It's a pet waste removal
company with an unwavering
focus on dignity, service,
and making sure that there's social good.
So Julia,
has taken what some might
see as a basic service and
transformed it into really
a mission driven enterprise
from employing and
uplifting team members to
upbuilding a business that
people are proud of to be a part of.
She's redefining what it
means really to lead with heart,
which we know we really
love to talk about here on the show.
So Julie, welcome to our show today.
Thank you.
Super excited to be here.
Oh,
and we are super excited for this
conversation.
Um, maybe just to be, you know,
start us off on, um, a lighter note.
Yeah.
What inspired you to turn a
scooping business, uh, into a platform,
uh, you know, that, that is benefiting,
you know,
making a social impact and
benefiting communities.
Yeah,
so I actually took on this
opportunity back in December.
So the concept of Cooper
Scoopers was created last summer,
and it was an incredible,
very heartwarming story.
So our founder was spending
time with her grandparents,
and they had a little fluffy dog,
obviously providing them a
lot of companionship in their older age,
maybe not going out as much,
maybe not seeing people as often,
but always having that wet
nose to snuggle with.
But also seeing the
challenges when it comes to
being able to have a clean,
safe backyard for that pet.
And also, you know,
grandchildren come over to run around.
So I saw a real need there
for being able to enjoy
that companionship without
the dirty work that comes in it.
So I was really excited to
take on this opportunity
back in December for Cooper
Scoopers as the president.
And again,
we may be in the pet waste business,
but at our core,
we're about dignity
opportunities for our
franchisees and also making
sure that we are creating a clean,
safe environment for
residential and commercial customers.
Hmm.
you know that that wet nose
comment just reminded me
how I woke up this morning
I had my little eight pound
uh maltese just kind of
jump on my chest and poke
me it's time to get up time
to go outside um julie uh
many people kind of
underestimate industries
like yours in a lot of ways
yet I think what's unique
is you can find ways to
touch people in very real
consistent ways right um
How has purpose shifted the
perception of your business internally,
externally?
Yeah.
So the biggest thing is
making sure that we are
sending in Cooper certified
technicians for all of our customers.
We want to make sure not
only that the backyard is safe and clean,
but we want to make sure
that our customers know
who's entering their backyards.
know who is potentially, you know,
the biggest thing for us is
making sure that we're
going above and beyond in that service.
So they know who's coming,
they know what services they're getting.
And then our technicians go
above and beyond on making sure that,
you know, the gates close, that, you know,
there's nothing in the
backyard that's going to harm the pet.
So really doing that with our branding,
making sure that our
technicians are fully
branded as they're entering any property.
And sharing that story as well,
the founder's story with
all of our customers.
You know, that also,
I just went on a trip and
as I'm in the airport,
I heard we had five
rattlesnakes in our backyard.
I know.
And I'm like,
my mom's watching the house
and I'm thinking like, okay, I've got,
you know,
the elderly person and the very
small dog.
And I'm like,
you can't go into the backyard right now.
I'm going to have to send someone over,
but there are really very real.
I mean, that's very real,
but very real concerns too, with,
you know, taking care of
pet and providing that safe
environment back there.
That sometimes, you know, we just,
like you said,
you don't want anyone just
going in the backyard and, you know,
leaving a gate open or
something like that.
Right.
I mean, there's dangers to, you know,
a broken fence post, right?
That's something that our technicians,
again,
will go above and beyond to make
sure that that pet's safe.
They're also going to look
at potential changes in the pet's diet.
That, you know,
I don't know if anyone has
had a vet visit.
with a dog that's
potentially swallowed a sock,
but that's very dangerous
and very expensive.
So we wanna make sure that
our pet parents know that
we are always gonna go
above and beyond when it
comes to the care of their pets.
Yeah, but going beyond the service, right?
It's almost providing
looking after the wellbeing of the pet,
right?
Absolutely.
a great concept so julie um
one of the things you're
fostering engagement uh and connections
you know,
we understand is absolutely critical,
right?
And we love to discuss that
oftentimes on this show.
And in fact,
there was a report that was
recently done by PwC and
eighty nine percent of the
executives that were
interviewed in this report
were saying that a purpose driven company
delivers a better employee experience,
higher employee satisfaction,
and better retention of their employees.
So, I mean, that stat just speaks volumes,
right?
When there's eighty-nine
percent of those leaders
out there that are saying that.
So, and yourself, right?
You've built a team,
a culture that not only performs,
but it sounds like from
what you're saying,
They really feel connected
with the families that they're serving,
with the pets that they're serving.
So how do you, though,
foster that kind of
engagement and the loyalty?
So that really starts with
just seeing people where
they are and treating them,
treating every role as essential.
Right.
So even myself, our franchise owners,
our technicians,
anyone who is under the
Cooper Scoopers umbrella.
making sure that they know
how essential they are and
giving them the tools to be
able to do that.
Also,
we really big on celebrating all of
our wins, big and small.
So, again, as we're starting,
we are a very brand new business.
So it's really important to
celebrate whatever step we're at.
We also give our franchisees
a lot of ownership within
their business and
communicating all of the time.
from a corporate stance down
to our customers, again,
going above and beyond.
We want to make sure people
feel seen and heard.
And when they're respected, seen, heard,
they want to stick around.
They have more value in their job.
And then that's also
bringing incredible
customer retention because
it's a trickle-down effect.
So we're hoping to duplicate
that across the nation as
we continue to grow Cooper Scoopers.
Well, and you're well on your way,
it sounds like.
I love your comment there because we,
as well on the show,
discuss a lot of the
conscious capitalism principles.
And one of the key
principles there is looking
after or keeping in mind
all of the stakeholders.
And as you were sort of articulating there,
right, there's the employee,
there's the family, there's the pet.
There's yourself, for example,
the franchisee.
So it sounds like everybody
there at Cooper Scoopers is
really being considered
then in the activities of
the organization.
Very important.
So you're kind of in this
early stage of growth.
I think you said you opened
your first franchise in February.
Um, you're now up to seven locations.
Um, one thing that in these early stages,
that is,
I guess it's maybe a little bit
easier in the early stage
to maintain kind of that,
that culture and that, you know, level of,
you know,
intentional hiring and things like that.
Um, how, how are you,
how are you going to make
sure you maintain that as you grow?
And, you know,
the stuff that's important
to you doesn't get, uh, you know, kind of
washed away by a system or
something like that?
Yeah,
so our mission and value for our
parent company, Loyalty Brands,
is having fun and improving lives.
And we also have additional
missions and values for Coopers Scoopers.
So we have to make sure that
not only the people that
we're bringing on now,
but the people that we're
bringing on in six months,
a year from now,
believe in those missions
and those values,
truly our values of giving back,
creating a clean space,
All of us want to be a part of something.
We want to be a part of
something bigger than us.
So being able to educate the
population on the toxicity
that's lingering in their
backyard or running down
into their waterways.
But that hits home specifically for myself,
located in the Tidewater
area of Virginia Beach, Virginia.
So making sure that we are
staying true to those
values of keeping our world
clean and safe.
As we continue to grow.
Saw this awesome quote from
a podcast that I was
listening to last week.
Growth doesn't mean letting go of purpose.
It means spreading it wider.
So we have to make sure that
we are constantly staying
true to our values and the
purpose of why we are in this business.
Yeah,
I think our guest on Tuesdays said
sometimes you want to put
the cult in culture when
we're talking about it.
Because really,
you don't want that as
things trickle down just to get diluted,
right?
You really want to make sure
that purpose is repeated continually.
When you're hiring someone new,
as a franchisee,
are there any specific
traits you're looking for in that person?
Yeah, I mean,
somebody who really has a growth mindset.
This business has the
opportunity for multiple
trucks within a territory.
Somebody who really does
want to give back.
Somebody who has a concern
for public health,
wants to make sure that the
world's going to be a safe
place for their children
and grandchildren.
And somebody who really
shows up with respect and
kindness in any capacity.
You know, we are picking up poop,
but it is much more than that.
So we want to make sure that
someone has that ability to
connect with their
community for many different aspects,
not only cleaning up the pet
Yeah.
So, Julie, I could actually,
when you're responding and
you're saying that we all
want to be a part of
something bigger than ourselves,
I could see Tulio,
our executive producer in the back,
just going like, yes,
because it's so true.
Question for you about the
franchisees that you're
looking to attract.
Similar question to what Steve asked you.
What sort of traits do you
look for in them?
What sort of individuals are
you trying to attract to Cooper Scoopers?
Yeah,
so somebody who is willing to follow
the system, right?
You definitely join a
franchise because you want
the playbook there.
So you have to have a
mindset to follow our
system that we provide to you.
You also want to make sure
that you do have an
entrepreneurial mindset.
This is your business, right?
You're buying into the brand
and the systems.
But at the end of the day,
this is your business.
So you do have to be able to execute.
So those are definite traits
that we want our franchisees to have.
And again, that team spirit,
that is the most incredible
thing about joining Cooper
Scoopers is the community
that you have around you.
We are growing in certain
territories quicker than others,
but you have a best friend
right next to you that you can text.
We have our internal communications.
that is going to support you
throughout the way.
So being able to work in a team setting,
even though you may be in
your own little territory,
is very important for the
growth and the success of
our franchisees.
With this stage of your franchise building,
what kind of things are you
particularly focused on?
Yeah,
so a lot of our systems and processes
have to work for multiple
trucks within a territory
for a franchise owner.
And as, again,
rapid growth.
In two months,
we're up to seven territories.
So we have very big goals at
Cooper Scoopers to make
sure that there are multiple trucks, many,
many trucks across the nation.
So making sure that the
systems and processes that
we are implementing work
now and then a year from now.
We also want to make sure
that our franchisees are
going to be fanatical fans
of Coopers Scoopers.
It all starts with a conversation.
So we want to make sure that
they are fans of the
business that they're
running and they have the
confidence to share about
Coopers Scoopers with everyone.
Yeah,
I can see that being that fanatical
fan being a big difference
maker for them.
You know, people feel that, I think.
Absolutely.
Yeah,
it certainly brings zeal to the work
that you do.
So Julie,
bringing it back to the
conversation around values.
So you're related to this
topic of values and
obviously values are at
times just sort of thrown
around as things that
companies have to have.
You could say maybe some
just think of them as like table stakes.
But there was a report out
that was stating that
seventy two percent of the
consumers say that they're
more likely to be loyal to
a company that aligns with their values.
And that report was done by Kohn,
Porter and Novelli.
And that's a huge
opportunity right then for a business.
to really try to identify
those customers and align
with those that connect with them, right?
So how do you communicate, I guess,
your values to customers
and make sure that they're
known and that it isn't
just the service that you're providing,
but really in a way, this is,
like you said,
something bigger than the service.
Yeah,
so that starts with our initial
conversation with any of our customers,
right?
We want to make sure that
they are very aware of all of the value
that we bring and the value
that we bring to the
service is a direct
response to the values that
we have as a company.
And that's another question.
So to turn that back around,
to make sure that those
values trickle down to our customers,
we want to understand,
we want our franchisees,
when they're joining our team,
we want them to share their
values out loud.
I think that's something sometimes we can
kind of sit in our heads and say, oh, yeah,
this is my value.
But how often do we actually
speak truth to those words?
So I think that's really
important for our
franchisees as they're
joining our team to share those out loud.
Make sure that they align
with their goals in their life as well.
Right.
We all have personal professional goals.
So making sure that they align.
And then again,
we're all on the same page.
We're all moving in the same direction,
values, mission and again, growth.
So making sure that trickles
down to all of our customers.
Gotcha.
And then sort of maybe, oh, go ahead,
Steve.
I didn't say anything.
Go for it, Michael.
Oh,
I thought you were going to jump in
there.
Super important, right?
I love to hear that being
able to live those values
rather than something that
just lives on a wall somewhere.
What's that?
An inspirational cat poster.
Yep, exactly.
Maybe transitioning the
conversation down next to
the topics of profit, responsibility,
legacy.
There's this idea of purpose
again that comes.
And there's one thing that I
love to ask all of our
guests that come here on the show.
What role do you think or
what would you say that a
well-defined purpose plays
in the success of a business?
Yeah.
So, I mean, again,
going back to even the most
overlooked jobs,
making sure we're doing that with pride.
Again, having that purpose and heart.
At the end of the day,
we are not just picking up pet waste.
We are providing clean space.
We are giving back to the planet.
And so, you know,
really focusing on that
throughout all of every
single service that we complete.
Oh, do we lose Julie?
Oh, there she is.
Yeah, I love how you were saying earlier,
you know, in terms of like safe and clean,
doing no, you know, no harm to the pet.
And I mean, really looking after, you know,
the overall health of, you know,
someone's family member, really,
at the end of the day, right,
when we think about it.
Absolutely.
We're seeing an incredible
increase in pet ownership.
So over seventy percent of
households own a pet and
over fifty percent of those
households own a dog.
So it's and we're not slowing down.
Right.
We're getting busier,
busier and busier as I'm a
working mom of two.
My plate is overflowing.
So an incredible service to offer.
But again,
that purpose is going to keep us
grounded.
be our North Star to make sure that,
you know,
we are we're just going above
and beyond when it comes to the service,
increasing our customer
retention and again,
inviting people to be a
part of something that truly matters.
You are definitely very busy.
I can only imagine as a president,
you know,
on top of like wanting to help
do some of the marketing as
you're doing right now,
Uh,
looking after all of the other
components of the business.
So I can imagine you're a very busy lady.
You know, uh, Julie, so some leaders,
they kind of see profit and
social responsibility as
kind of these maybe opposing forces.
Um, but your, you know,
story in this conversation, obviously,
you know, it's kind of shows otherwise,
how do you think businesses
can pursue both, you know, without
compromising either?
Or do you have any tips for
business owners trying to pursue both?
It's communication,
over communicating with your franchisees.
Really, as you know, you are a leader,
so you truly can't have you
can't be in the in the passenger seat of,
you know,
a business of a franchisees truck.
Right.
But really communicating
what the goals are over
communicating our purpose.
Right.
And then making sure that
you're giving clear goals,
KPIs for your franchisees
and see what their focus is.
I've been in the franchise
industry for almost five years now.
So that's the biggest thing.
Franchisees, again,
not following the system
can focus on the wrong area.
So just constantly
communicating with them to
make sure that their heart
is in it and that their
mind is focused on the right thing.
And to communicate with them,
are you using what kind of
systems or what are you
guys set up for that at this stage?
Well, since we are a startup,
we communicate almost daily.
I was going to say,
probably at this early stage, right,
the communication is
probably a lot more
hands-on than if you've got
like a hundred and fifty
locations or something, right?
Absolutely.
But I'm also taking into
account that growth, right?
I want to make sure that the
communication cadence
is structured in a way and
the tools that we use is
structured in a way that is going to,
again,
create those touch points for our
franchisees at seven and
then at a hundred and fifty.
Yeah,
you have to kind of consider both
those things.
And making sure that we're creating that,
again,
that teamwork that I talked about
earlier.
You have somebody right next to you.
So make sure that you are
utilizing every resource
that is provided because you are
a part of this incredible
brand and the support system.
All right.
We've got a question from
the audience here.
Julie,
if you could fast forward five years,
what's the dream scenario
for Cooper Scoopers?
Love that.
So innovative disposal tactics, right?
Question.
How much waste does the
average dog produce in a year?
Average dog, so say,
That's like four of my dogs.
So I can, I mean,
I purposely kind of don't
want a bigger dog because of all the,
you know, um,
exactly what you're talking about.
Um, what's, what's the answer?
Pounds.
Two seventy five.
Wow.
So that's one dog, a lot of waste.
So making sure that we are, again,
being very mindful of our
environment and creating
innovative ways to dispose of our waste.
So that and seeing three
thousand trucks on the road
across the nation of Cooper
Scoopers franchisees.
Yeah,
that's and my neighbor's got three
big dogs.
So probably even twenty
pounds bigger than that.
So I can you know, this is like half a ton,
I think, is what the math is.
Yes, I know they need a lifetime.
Julie,
I was really happy to hear you talk
about the innovative ways
to dispose of the waste.
What are some of the thoughts, I guess,
that are
You know, going into that, you know,
further use, obviously, right,
we use cow manure for
certain fertilization.
There's a lot of science, obviously,
that goes into that.
What are some of the things
that perhaps you're either
doing today or that you
might be thinking about
doing in that regard of, you know,
innovative ways to dispose
of that and help the planet out?
Absolutely.
So again,
that is our consistent goal on
how we're going to dispose.
So composting pet waste, unfortunately,
is a very, very long process.
Pet waste has a ton of protein in it,
and it cannot be utilized
on any product without some
sort of treatment.
But that's what it is today, right?
We don't know what that's
going to be like in the future.
So we're constantly keeping
a pulse on that.
As a company now,
we're using all
eco-conscious and as many
disposable biodegradable
products as possible.
So we are constantly,
we want to be number one
when it comes to choosing
eco-conscious products in our business.
But there are a lot of ways
that are currently being
tested on how to dispose of pet waste.
Yeah, I can think,
if you've got that purpose,
that eco-minded purpose, eventually, yeah,
you're going to come across
a solution at some point.
Yeah, absolutely.
Because you're continually
asking that question.
All right,
we've got another audience question here.
Are there any community
programs or partnerships
you've developed through your work?
Yes.
I love that question.
Always engaging within our community.
So a lot of partnerships with, you know,
the SPCA providing, you know,
for dogs that are adopted,
saved from the shelters,
making sure that they're
getting their first scoop free.
And then community programs, cleaning up,
especially our area, again,
going back to being around the water.
So cleaning up
the Bay,
making sure that we are connected with,
again,
our overall vision of having a clean,
safe planet.
Yeah, I love that.
Thanks so much for that question, Bayani.
We appreciate it.
And to our listeners,
feel free to keep the questions coming.
Yeah.
I mean,
it's a good point that we've talked
about with a lot of franchise
franchises is that trying to
build that local community
connection in some way or
another um and uh you know
there's a lot of ways they
they try and go about it
and you know some kind of
view yourself as kind of
the mayor the mayor of your
your area right um so we
have one more uh obvious
question here let's go to
how do you stay grounded
especially when demands of
leadership get overwhelming
That is an incredible question,
especially for the stage of
life that I'm in right now.
Like I said,
I am running this company as a startup.
I have two young children, seven and two.
Pride and joy also of my life.
And the number one,
and I have said this time and time again,
but it is having incredible
mentors around you.
So making sure that you have somebody
Again,
this has not been an easy job by any
means.
It has been exciting.
And the amount of times that
I'm laying in bed reading
about pet waste is, you know,
my husband's like,
what are you reading now?
Oh, did you know?
Fun fact about pet waste.
But having somebody, right, like I said,
it can be challenging.
And you can have an off day, right?
You can have a day of
negative thoughts or failures even,
right?
And you can reflect on those,
but you cannot sit there.
And if you have a mentor or
somebody that you look up
to and is allowing you to
stay in that place for a long time,
stay away from them.
Find somebody else who is going to listen,
provide feedback,
and give you a positive
next step because you have
to keep moving forward.
Yeah.
And I always say, I mean,
don't just have one mentor either.
There,
someone can be like your mentor in
this certain particular
area of your life where, you know,
so you could have like the
business mentor,
but you could also have
someone that pushes you
maybe athletically or, you know,
physically,
or another person who maybe pushes you,
you know, uh,
on the social justice side or whatever,
but yeah,
you can have different mentors
in your life that can help, uh,
help you kind of level up
in each of these different areas.
Yeah.
And I think too,
as we sort of go through our life, Steve,
when we're younger,
I sort of feel we look at
mentors as those that we
sort of wanted to emulate, right?
And then now it almost seems
as though the mentors in my
life are really raising the
level of consciousness.
I don't know what has made that transition,
if it's a change in goals
or change in purpose,
or if it's just at a
different stage in life.
But it's very interesting
when you're able to have a mentor that
don't necessarily want to
act like them you don't
necessarily want to you
know be like them uh but
instead they you know help
you sort of gain
perspective and you know
think a little bit you know
broader uh than than you
know just one's self so you
know julie going back to
the point about the
disposal of the waste I mean I think that
That is going to be
tremendous in part to the
success of Cooper Scoopers.
Because I would think that
from the customer standpoint,
if I was able to benefit
the planet by partnering
with an organization,
perhaps like yourself, that is
know disposing of waste in a
responsible way versus like
say myself uh with our with
our cat um you know just
putting it in like the
normal trash I would I
would much rather right
feel it would give me the
feeling um of of trying to
you know benefit the
community benefit the
planet overall like I would
almost be doing good in a
way does that it does that
sort of make sense and
Absolutely.
I mean,
I don't know if you've driven past
the landfill lately,
but apparently any open
space is now a landfill, right?
Yeah.
So anything we can do to eliminate that,
and again,
giving back as a parent is huge.
So if we can connect with
our families and provide
that solution over the next
five years when it comes to
the responsible disposal of pet waste,
that is, you know,
a huge success in my eyes.
Yeah.
A lot of times like people,
they won't remember the, you know,
features of a product or something,
but they will remember our service.
They will remember just how
it made them feel a lot of times.
So this is kind of going to
what Mike's saying is just
that feeling of, um,
doing something socially responsible.
We've got another guest or
another question for our
guests from our audience.
Uh,
does community engagement play a role
in your marketing efforts?
Yes, absolutely.
So I actually saw this
morning on a marketing post
about how important it is for IRL,
which I'm young, but I'm not that hip.
So I was like, what is IRL?
In real life, events are.
So that is absolutely very impactful.
The more people that I've
talked to in the last five
months as I've taken on this position,
that did not know that one,
this is a service, but two,
that leaving your pet waste
in your backyard is very toxic.
They have small kids.
They're like, oh, you know,
we'll clean it up later.
That's being tracked into your home.
So being able to be in IRL
events within the community
is incredibly important for
our franchisees, the education aspect,
but also building that relationship.
You want to like, know,
and trust whoever you are
purchasing from.
Again,
we double down on that trust by
making sure that our
technicians are Cooper
certified and have a background check.
So that is number one for
our franchisees as we are
launching Cooper Scoopers
across the nation.
Julie,
we asked this question to every
guest in some sort of form.
Do you think love belongs in business?
Yes, absolutely.
So it shows up for me
specifically is respect as
I am launching this business.
Curiosity to make sure that
we are working as a team to
find solutions and doing
that in a loving manner.
And then kindness towards
our hopeful franchisees,
our existing franchisees, and our teams.
I think it's really important.
Making sure that that love
is contagious as well.
That's that fanatical fan
that we're creating for me
being a fanatical fan of
Coopers Coopers all the way
down to our pets being a fanatical fan,
being excited if they're in
the backyard when a Coopers
Coopers technician comes in.
And people feel that.
Yeah.
Do you think, like,
you're in this early stage
where there's a lot of
building systems and stuff,
and so when you think of
building love into those for
cooper those kind of
systems for cooper scoopers
can you think of an area to
that like just instantly
comes to mind uh the
communication to the pet
parent yeah so hey your
your backyard's clean your
backyard's locked um you
know it's all fluffy today
depending on if if the pet
parent said treats are okay
um you know maybe our
technician gave fluffy a
treat that day um so
definitely the communication aspect
yeah, that's a smart way to like, yeah,
help build that connection
and that relationship.
Right.
So making sure that your, uh,
franchise owners understand
the importance of that, right.
As part of building that
love into your system so
that you can do this and not just,
you know, seven franchise this year,
but you know, next year,
maybe you're up to or something.
Right.
And next year after that a hundred.
Yeah.
You want to make sure that, um, you know,
you are,
creating that relationship,
bringing that love into
your business so that it's
not always a transaction to
never feel like a transaction.
And it should feel, um, again,
like a connection.
Yeah.
It, it is a business advantage, uh,
without a doubt.
Um, it'll, it'll set organizations apart,
you know, one from those that,
that will do it right.
We'll, we'll be the ones that,
connect in broader terms and
survive so um julie this
has been such a
thought-provoking uh
question uh without a doubt
from you know the overall
you know safety uh the
cleanliness the health of
the pet I love your point
about educating I mean who
really knows right that all
of this uh toxicity um you
know could necessarily
exist if not handled
appropriately so very
thought-provoking uh
conversation uh today as
well talked about the
importance of purpose and
and values so for our
listeners um where can they
learn a little bit more uh
about uh cooper's scoopers
I would love for everyone to
go check out caperscoopers.com.
You can also find out more
information about bringing
a franchise to your territory.
And you can also follow us
on Instagram at capers.scoopers.
Today is actually a fun fact.
It's National Hug Your Pet Day.
So if you go hug your pet,
make sure you tag caperscoopers.
Hug your pet, send a photo in.
Yeah,
send a photo and tag Cooper Scoopers
in your post, right?
Yes, please do.
All right, thanks again, Julie.
And thank you to our
listeners for joining us today.
A lot of great questions today.
Appreciate all the interaction.
If today's episode inspired
you to rethink the way
business can serve both
people and purpose,
don't forget to subscribe
and share and give us a few of those,
more of those five-star reviews.
We always appreciate those.
And we will see you next
time on the Bliss Business Podcast.
Thanks guys.